Good morning, John.
You have to poop in the Eiffel Tower.
You have to poop in the Eiffel Tower
because you can. There are bathrooms on
all three levels of the tower, and
remarkably, there has been a toilet at
the very top since the beginning when
the guy whose company designed and
financed most of the tower secured
himself an apartment at the top where he
pooped, making him, probably at the
time, the world's highest pooper above
natural ground level, though that record
may have at the time been held by
someone in a hot air balloon. It's very
difficult to know.
You have to poop at the top of the
Eiffel Tower because since its initial
construction, the tower has been
constantly filled and refilled with new,
updated infrastructure, adding different
kinds of elevators, adding lights and
air conditioners and wires, and yes,
tons and tons of plumbing.
You have to poop in the Eiffel Tower
because the people who build and
maintain the Eiffel Tower work very hard
to hide the infrastructure that allows
you to poop in the Eiffel Tower. That
infrastructure warms the pipes. It
manages the pressures so that they can
keep flowing even in the harshest
winters and the hottest of summers as
tens of thousands of people visit every
single day, each of them bringing with
them their own individual biological
human needs. You have to poop in the
Eiffel Tower because the plumbing of the
tower is designed to make clogs both
unlikely and fixable because a full
building clog in your house is a bit of
a disaster, but a full building clog in
the Eiffel Tower would be an
international incident.
That infrastructure manages not just the
fluid in the pipes, but the air in the
pipes, making it so that every flush can
move from the top of the tower into the
sewer, guaranteeing that your poop will
be out of the tower faster than you will
be.
You have to poop in the Eiffel Tower and
then walk the 8 minutes to the Paris
Sewer Museum, where you will take an
elevator down to the basement where the
ticket collector will tell you in French
that there's obviously no internet in
the Paris sewer and so you need to go
back up to the top and load the tickets
on your phone and then come back down,
where you will discover that the Paris
Sewer Museum is not a Disneyland version
of the Paris sewers. It is, in fact, the
Paris sewer and the sewage is running
directly under the grates under your
feet and for all you know, the sewage
there is flowing directly from the
Eiffel Tower.
You have to poop in the Eiffel Tower so
you can see that we build things to be
beautiful and impactful, but they also
need to be useful. They need to conform
to our human aesthetics as well as our
biological needs. Some things are
beautiful because we work hard to make
them beautiful, but in some sense, of
course they are. Of course those things
are beautiful, but sometimes things are
made to be useful
and just happen to be beautiful. And
almost always, hidden in the beauty of
human creation is another kind of
beautiful, something that cannot be
seen, only known.
That everything is maintenance, that we
are layering our new abilities upon our
old abilities like sediment laid down in
a river delta, like layers of paint laid
down by generations of workers.
And at every step, always, there is the
constant labor of maintenance, without
which everything we make would fall
apart basically instantly.
You have to poop in the Eiffel Tower
because our world wants to hide that
beauty. The beauty of humans building
for humans. The beauty of maintenance so
that instead we can only see the magic,
but the magic isn't beautiful.
The magic's a lie.
The beauty
is the pipes tucked into the structure.
is the work.
John,
congratulations on your new book and its
beautiful new cover.
You have to poop in the Eiffel Tower.
I'll see you on Tuesday.
And it is true. I am in Paris. It is
very hot and I recorded that into a tiny
microphone on the street and that pigeon
is dead. That is a dead pigeon. Oh my
god. My god, there's a dead rat.
Jesus Christ.
I swear it's That's the first dead
animals It's actually the second dead
pigeon I've seen, but it's the first
dead rat I've seen. It's the first rat
of any kind I've seen. Not even in the
sewer museum. It is, of course, a
beautiful place. It's an amazing place
for nerds. There's so much good nerd
museum here. The reason I'm talking at
the end of the video is that the
Vlogbrothers creators grants are open.
We have advertisements on this channel
and a portion of that advertising goes
into a pool and every year creators who
make somewhat educational content apply
and then we give small grants out to
those people. If you want to find out
more about that, there's information
about it in the description. If there
are creators you know, it does not have
to be YouTubers, but creators, people
who are making stuff on the internet
with a focus on educational media, let
them know about it. We've been doing
this for over a decade. We've had a
great crop of people over the years.
Check it out. The link is in Look at
this.
Just hanging out in the background
there.
The link's in the description.
Napoleon's in there. Dead. Remarkably of
cancer.
Which what? You'd think he would have
died a different way.